Tutorials (#547)
replicatedhq/kots.io: content/vendor/guides/vendor-portal/team/rbac.md

    In this example, we will use the following policy definition for our developer policy

    ```json
    {
      "v1": {
        "name": "Developer",
        "resources": {
          "allowed": [
            "platform/app/channel/**/*",
            "kots/**/*",
            "registry/**/*"
          ],
          "denied": [
            "**/*"
          ]
        }
      }
    }
    ```

    > Note: this policy definition does not allow policy members to view details about any team member. We will change this in the **Edit a Permissions Policy** section below.

    ![Create a new permissions policy](img/rbac/create-a-new-permissions-policy-prompt.png)

1. Click the **Create Policy** button

1. Observe that the new **Developer** policy exists in the policy list

    ![Developer Policy](img/rbac/developer-policy-list.png)

## Edit a Permissions Policy

In this example, developers are happy that they can do everything they need, but would like permission to view the list team members. Let's permit this view, but only with read access.

1. Click the **View policy** link to the right of the policy

    ![View policy Link](img/rbac/view-policy-link.png)

1. Edit the policy definition

>     In this example, We will add a resource which permits reading all members.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In this example, a resource is added to permit reading all members.
```

    ```json
    "platform/team/member/*/read"
    ```

    Here is what our policy definition will look like after this addition.

    ```json
    {
      "v1": {
        "name": "Developer",
        "resources": {
          "allowed": [
            "platform/app/channel/**/*",
            "kots/**/*",
            "platform/team/member/*/read",
            "registry/**/*"
          ],
          "denied": [
            "**/*"
          ]
        }
      }
    }
    ```

    ![Update Policy](img/rbac/update-policy.png)

> 1. Click **Update policy**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **Update policy**.
```

> 1. Click the **<RBAC** link in the upper left to return to the list of policies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click the **RBAC** link to return to the list of policies.
```

    ![RBAC Link](img/rbac/rbac-link.png)

## Apply a policy to a team member

> See the **Change a member's permissions** section in the [Members tutorial](members.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the **Change a member's permissions** section in the [Members tutorial](members.md).
```

## Remove a policy

> 1. Click the **Remove** link to the right of the policy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click the **Remove** link to the right of the policy.
```

    ![Remove Link](img/rbac/remove-policy-link.png)

> 1. Click the **Remove** button in the prompt

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Clickn**Remove** in the prompt.
```

    ![Remove Prompt](img/rbac/remove-policy-prompt.png)

>     > CAUTION: This will remove the policy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > CAUTION: This will remove the policy.
```

>     > CAUTION: This will remove the policy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > CAUTION: This will remove the policy.
```

>     > Note: you will not be able to remove the policy is applied to any team members.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > Note: you will not be able to remove the policy that is applied to any team members.
```
